363 - Adding Mirko's BitPiRat Gen 2 (#371)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/mirkos-bitpirat-computer-2.md

---
layout: board
title: "Mirko's BitPiRat Computer (Gen 2)"

> short_description: A compact platform for cryptocurrency networks built around the Raspberry Pi CM4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: A compact CM4 board with a full-size 2280 M.2 NVMe slot on the bottom.
```
